918 Added tags and notes to docket alerts (#2431)
freelawproject/courtlistener: cl/alerts/templates/docket_alert_email.txt

View Docket: https://www.courtlistener.com{{ docket.get_absolute_url }}?order_by=desc{% if docket.pacer_url %}
Buy Docket on PACER: {{ docket.pacer_url }}{% endif %}

{% if notes or tags %}
Your Note: {% if notes %}{{ notes }}{% else %} You have not added notes to this case. Learn More: https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'tag_favorites_help' %}{% endif %}

Your Tags: {% if tags %}{% for tag in tags %}{{ tag.name }}{% if not forloop.last %}, {% endif %}{% endfor %}{% else %} No tags yet. Learn More: https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'tag_favorites_help' %}{% endif %}
{% else %}

> Your Note and Tags: You have not added a notes or tags to this alert. Learn More: https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'tag_favorites_help' %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use notes and tags to organize and share the cases you follow. Learn More: https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'tag_favorites_help' %}
```

Author: Changed.
